h1. MY_Model series

This is the source code for the MY_Model series. It contains:
* Blog controller
* MY_Model containing all CRUD methods
* Posts model that extends MY_Model and does not need to contain any methods at all.

Using a MY_Model can be a huge time saver, and it helps keeping your code lean, mean and DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself). If you ever need to tweak an insert method, you only need to tweak it in MY_Model and you're done.

So: 
* Reduce overhead in your apps.
* Increase maintainability and scalability.
* Reduce time redundant coding.
* Increase time efficient coding (or drinking beer).

h1. Codeigniter.tv source code

We keep the source code for our Codeigniter.tv video tutorials in this public repository. Each video tutorial has its own branch. 

* Visit all of out Codeigniter video tutorials on http://codeigniter.tv. 
* As always, do not forget to comment & subscribe!

h1. Disclaimer

All code in this repositiory is free for you to use or modify in anyway you like. Please remember that this code was created for instructional purposes only, and is not production-ready. 

If you choose to use any code from this repository, or parts of it, you do so entirely at your own risk.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
